Add UA stylesheet update (#104)
WICG/shared-element-transitions: explainer.md

- **image**: This contains the cached image, which may paint outside the parent elements. This would be a replaced element so CSS properties like `object-fit` will be supported. This element is absolutely positioned at 0, 0 and has a width and height of 100%, although the image may paint outside of its own bounds, similar to how a `box-shadow` is painted outside of an element's bounds.
- **child transition elements**: If this transition element is a 'transition container', child transition elements will be nested here.

> These elements will be accessible to the developer via pseudo-elements. The default animations specified by the UA are set up using a dynamic UA stylesheet. This allows developers to customize the transition by overriding the default styles with developer provided CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These elements will be accessible to the developer via pseudo-elements. The default animations specified by the user agent are set up using a dynamic user agent stylesheet. This allows developers to customize the transition by overriding the default styles with developer provided CSS.
```
